### Describe two positive items that occurred while writing this program. These should be specific items that address what went well when working on this lab.  

1. The data structures implemented in this lab are a very good fit for the functionality required. The LIFO nature of the structure made undo and redo methods very simple.  We both had done the work beforehand to really understand how stacks worked which made it easy to implement them in this project.  It would have been more difficult if one, or both of us, had breezed through the section on stacks without really making sure we understood them.  Since we were both up-to-speed on them it made it easy to collaborate around the concept of the stack ADT and how it should be used in this project to hit the requirements.
2. During the development of this project, we didn't box ourselves in and wrote code that allowed us to easily expand on it. For example, we had originally had a fixed board size of 8. Later, we were able to allow the user to select a custom or random board size with fairly little effort.  We focused a lot on function decomposition from the start to break longer functions into smaller, reusable pieces of code.  This also aided in the self-documentation of our code base, which should allow other folks who are reading it the ability to understand what's happening under the hood more quickly.
      
### Describe two negative items that occurred while writing this program. These should be specific items that address what could have gone better when working on this lab.  

1. Both of us have been programming for a fairly long time with several different languages. In our programming careers, we have preferred to use more fully-featured IDEs than JGrasp. While it is nice to work with an editor that makes you think more about how things work under the hood, certain features were missed when developing this project such as auto-import. Some time was needlessly spent figuring out why the editor could not find a certain symbol. In the future, we will consider the imports required before working on the code.
2. Validation of user input was not at the front of our minds initially during development. We spent time later debugging and adding validation after the fact, which took more time than it would have if we worked on that aspect of the project from the beginning.      
    
###  Knowing what you know now, after having written the program, how might you change your approach if asked to go back and rewrite this program?

The core of most of our problems with this project seems to have been that we did not initially design the program with an object-oriented focus from the start. We stubbed out an initial example without OOP in mind just to get a prototype working and found it a little difficult to take that working example and break it down into separate objects after the fact.  If we had drawn out a design with the objects in mind we wanted to use from the start, and the relationships between those objects, it most likely would have made our lives easier down the road instead of just jumping straight to code.  If we were to rewrite the program we would probably take steps to better plan ahead and implement some kind of system planning - UMLs, object-relation models, and the like.
